README.markdown, before:

nginx Certificate Transparency module
=====================================

Introduction
------------

This module adds support for the TLS `signed_certificate_timestamp` extension to
nginx, which is one of the mechanisms supported by Google's
[Certificate Transparency][ct] project to deliver Signed Certificate Timestamps
to TLS clients.

Building
--------

Add `--add-module=/path/to/nginx-ct` to the nginx `./configure` invocation.

The following versions of OpenSSL are supported:

* OpenSSL 1.0.2 or above.
* BoringSSL [4fac72e][boringssl] or above.

LibreSSL is **not** supported as it doesn't provide either of the functions used
to add the `signed_certificate_timestamp` extension to the response
(`SSL_CTX_add_server_custom_ext` and `SSL_CTX_set_signed_cert_timestamp_list`).

Configuration
-------------

Add the following directives, which are valid in `http`, `mail`, `stream` and
`server` blocks, to your configuration file:

    ssl_ct on;
    ssl_ct_static_scts /path/to/sct/dir;

The module will read all `*.sct` files in the given directory, which are
expected to be encoded in binary (see the definition of
`SignedCertificateTimestamp` struct in [section 3.2 of RFC 6962][rfc]). This is
the same format used by Apache's [mod\_ssl\_ct][apache] module.

[ct-submit][ct-submit] can be used to submit certificates to log servers and
encode the `SignedCertificateTimestamp` struct in the appropriate format for use
with this module.

License
-------

This project is available under the terms of the ISC license, which is similar
to the 2-clause BSD license. See the `LICENSE` file for the copyright
information and licensing terms.

[ct]: http://www.certificate-transparency.org/
[rfc]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6962#section-3.2
[apache]: https://httpd.apache.org/docs/trunk/mod/mod_ssl_ct.html
[ct-submit]: https://github.com/grahamedgecombe/ct-submit
[boringssl]: https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/+/4fac72e638c896c9fa30f5c6cd2fd7246f28f49e%5E!/

Commit message:

Add dynamic module instructions to the README.

README.markdown, after:

nginx Certificate Transparency module
=====================================

Introduction
------------

This module adds support for the TLS `signed_certificate_timestamp` extension to
nginx, which is one of the mechanisms supported by Google's
[Certificate Transparency][ct] project to deliver Signed Certificate Timestamps
to TLS clients.

Building
--------

Add `--add-module=/path/to/nginx-ct` to the nginx `./configure` invocation.

If you are using nginx 1.9.11 or above, you can use
`--add-dynamic-module=/path/to/nginx-ct` to build as a dynamic module.

The following versions of OpenSSL are supported:

* OpenSSL 1.0.2 or above.
* BoringSSL [4fac72e][boringssl] or above.

LibreSSL is **not** supported as it doesn't provide either of the functions used
to add the `signed_certificate_timestamp` extension to the response
(`SSL_CTX_add_server_custom_ext` and `SSL_CTX_set_signed_cert_timestamp_list`).

Configuration
-------------

If built as a dynamic module, add the following directives to the top level of
your configuration file:

    load_module modules/ngx_ssl_ct_module.so;
    load_module modules/ngx_http_ssl_ct_module.so;

You can also load `ngx_mail_ssl_ct_module.so` and `ngx_stream_ssl_ct_module.so`
if you need `mail` or `stream` support.

Add the following directives, which are valid in `http`, `mail`, `stream` and
`server` blocks, to your configuration file:

    ssl_ct on;
    ssl_ct_static_scts /path/to/sct/dir;

The module will read all `*.sct` files in the given directory, which are
expected to be encoded in binary (see the definition of
`SignedCertificateTimestamp` struct in [section 3.2 of RFC 6962][rfc]). This is
the same format used by Apache's [mod\_ssl\_ct][apache] module.

[ct-submit][ct-submit] can be used to submit certificates to log servers and
encode the `SignedCertificateTimestamp` struct in the appropriate format for use
with this module.

License
-------

This project is available under the terms of the ISC license, which is similar
to the 2-clause BSD license. See the `LICENSE` file for the copyright
information and licensing terms.

[ct]: http://www.certificate-transparency.org/
[rfc]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6962#section-3.2
[apache]: https://httpd.apache.org/docs/trunk/mod/mod_ssl_ct.html
[ct-submit]: https://github.com/grahamedgecombe/ct-submit
[boringssl]: https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/+/4fac72e638c896c9fa30f5c6cd2fd7246f28f49e%5E!/
